Data types.
We have strings,
then we have that like string, that's all?
Lowercase is that we
have different type for
integers we have the standard int,
just int, okay, that is actually point.
It's an alias to int32,
then we have int8, 16, 32, and 64.
What's this?
The amount of bits that is
going to use in memory.
That will express actually the minimum and
the maximum that you can store.
There's of course,
this is 2 power 8 power 16,
that will give you the amount of different
numbers that you can save there.
So it will increase precision,
they will have versions with the u prefix.
You know what that means, don't you?
Have ever seen that on any other language?
uint.
It's unsigned.
So it's an unsigned integer.
In this case, only positive numbers.
Does it make sense?
So that means if you set an int8,
does the simpler to understand,
int8 can go from minus 127 to 128.
That's all, and
if you use uint8 you're like moving that.
I started in zero, from zero 155.
So you make a shift, is the same amount of
possible numbers that you can store, but
you're shifting and starting only
with zeros of positive numbers only.
So it's natural numbers with zero,
including the zero,
that's the uint version.
If you don't know which one to use,
typically use int, and that's all.
For floating pole point values,
we have two versions,
float 32 and float 64.
For if you're going to work with GO and
the web, like JSON,
work with JSON typically you we,
we serve JSON, we parse JSON.
Every number in a JSON will
be converted into float 64.
That's why most of the time,
you wanna play with that one.
Because if not,
we will need to make versions, and
we might want to make things simple.
Then we have bool that is
more like boolean is bool.
It accepts true or false,
lowercase, everything lowercase.
And the Boolean operators are the ones
that we are used to on any
feed based language.
So if you're coming from JavaScript,
they are the same from C.
We have equals, not equals, minor than,
greater than, minor equals.
This is and, this is or,
and this is not, okay?
I think that's pretty simple.
Also, we have pointers.
I know that that will probably give
me a big warning in your head first,
maybe you know what that is,
and lucky you.
But if you don't know what that is,
if mostly if you're coming from C++, and
he's saying with the face, no,
no, I don't wanna get there.
Well, don't worry because it's not so
complicated and
go, and you understand the use case for
for pointers, and
it's not getting too deep or
too low level as with C or C++, okay?
But actually for now let's say
the pointer is we have a variable, and
then we have another variable that
is pointing to the original one.
So you can have the original variable or
a variable that is pointing to.
It's a link, that is.
That is, if you understand that,
that's a pointer.
>> Earlier you said I think.
Did you say that a constant can only
be defined within a function and
not, or global.
>> No,
you can define it constant globally.
It's possible.
>> Or a variable possible.
>> I can create a constant.
What I cannot use is the shortcut.
>> Okay.
>> I cannot use the shortcut
in the global scope.
I need to use bar for that.
And when we use bar,
we don't have the column.
That's the only thing that you
can not do at the global scope.
Just the shortcut.
>> Can go automatically
identify the data type.
>> The data type
>> Data type.
>> Yeah.
So if you are setting the value at
the same time in the same line.
So if I'm creating a new variable here,
and I say is ready.
And I'm applying it through, it's
identifying or automatically the type,
it's giving me an error because
I'm not using it so anxiety.
But if I'm doing that, it is okay.
So it's actually detecting
that if you have equals, but
if I'm going to set a value later,
it doesn't know what that is.
So I have to express that
it's going to be a bool.
And then you can set that safely later,
but if you have the value at the time
of declaring the variable,
it will implicitly reveal the time.